Consistently note if constructor can be called w/o new (#19631)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/date/date/index.md

new Date(year, monthIndex, day, hours, minutes)
new Date(year, monthIndex, day, hours, minutes, seconds)
new Date(year, monthIndex, day, hours, minutes, seconds, milliseconds)

Date()
```

> > **Note:** `Date()` can be called with or without [`new`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new), but with different effects. See [Return value](#return_value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `Date()` can be called with or without [`new`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/new). The version with `new` create a new `Date` object, while the version without returns a string representation of the date.
```
